- [Instructor] Now let's import our static
pre-made HTML and CSS files.
These files represent the branding
of the fictional Landon Hotel property
we are modeling in this course.
First off, download the exercise files
for chapter four, video four.
There should be a zip file labeled Landon Hotel
static files.
Go ahead and extract that zip file by double-clicking on it.
Let's open up the HTML file in whatever
lightweight editor you prefer.
We are going to use Atom in this case.
Let's right-click on home dot HTML,
open with and select Atom.
Let's use command A to select all the text,
then command C to copy.
Let's open up IntelliJ and then navigate
to app dot component dot HTML.
Click into the window, then use command A
to select all, then command V to paste.
Head back to the finder window.
And let's open up the Landon dash Hotel dot CSS file.
Command A to select all, command C to copy,
and then back in IntelliJ let's open up
app dot component dot CSS.
Click into the window, command V to paste.
Then you can save your files using command S.
Now, let's head back to the finder window one more time.
Left-click on images, command C to copy.
And then go ahead and navigate to IntelliJ.
Left-click on assets and paste in your images.
Now, let's open up a terminal, type in NG serve
and then wait for the application to start up.
Open up a browser and head to local host at 4200.
If your application doesn't update
head back to IntelliJ, click on the root directory,
and select synchronize.
Open up a fresh terminal window and then run NG serve.
Open up your browser, right-click on the window,
select inspect, and then right-click
on the refresh button and try empty cache and hard reload.
That should refresh your browser.
And now we should see the Landon Hotel webpage.
Okay, looks good.
Let's check it out in a mobile responsive view.
Great, it looks like the page automatically
adjusts for a mobile viewport.